---
published: true
title: Adobe ColdFusion Summit 2017
layout: post
tags: [coldfusion, conference, email, presentations]
---
I'm flying home from my first [CFSummit](https://cfsummit.adobeevents.com/) - what a great conference! I gave a ColdFusion-centric version of my *send.Better() - Giving Email a REST* presentation ([slides here](http://slides.com/mjclemente/sendbetter-cfsummit#/)) in the first slot of the first day, so I was able to focus on and enjoy the rest of the sessions.
<!--more-->

A few scattered thoughts:

* I was impressed by the size. I heard that attendance was slightly down, due to the horrific shooting a few weeks prior, but it was still the most ColdFusion developers I've seen in one place.
* There was a lot of excitement around the product, from both the Adobe team, as well as the attendees. It was refreshing to talk with people who enjoy building awesome applications with ColdFusion.
* I got to meet a number of developers I really admire and had previously only encountered online.
* The content was very good, with a number of more advanced topics; Brian Klaas made a compelling case for all things AWS, Docker was the subject of a few sessions (including one by an Adobe engineer), and the work the Ortus Solutions team is doing with CFConfig and Testbox is amazing... Just to name a few.

From venue to food, from content to community, Adobe ColdFusion Summit 2017 exceeded my expectations. Particular thanks to Elishia and Kishore for all their work putting it together. Looking forward to next year!